inline styles:
use CSS slectors to style elements:
use CSS class to styel element 
style multiple elements 
change fontsize of element  
set font family property
import google font.
specify how font should degrade.
size your images.
add borders around your element.
Add rounded corners with border radius.
make circular images with border radius.
give background color with div elements.
set the id of an element.
use an id attribute to style an element.
adjust padding of an element.
adjust margin of element.
add different padding to each side of an element.
add different margin to each side of an element.
use clockwise notation to specify padding of elements.
use clockwise notation to specify margin of elements.
use attribute selector an elements.
use absolute vs relative units
inherit styles from body element
prioritze one style over another
overwrite styles in CSS fonts.
override class declarations by styling ID attributes.
override class declarations by inliine styling .
override all other styles by using important.
Use hex code for specific colors.
use hexx code to mix colors.
use abbreviated hex code.
use rgb values to color elements.
use rgb to mix colors.
use CSS variables to change several items at once.
create custom CSS variable.
Attach fallback values to CSS variable.
Improve compatibility with browser fallbacks.
CSS variables.
Change variable for specific area.
use media query to change variables.
create first CSS Grid.
Add columns with grid template columns.
Use CSS grid units to change size of columns and Rows.
Create column gap using grid-column-gap.
Create row gap using grid-row-gap.
Add gaps faste with grid-gap.
use grid row to control spacing.
Align item vertically using justify items.
Align item vertically using justify items.
Align all items vertically using align items.
divide grid into area template.
use grid area without using template.
Limit item size using minmax function.
create flexible layouts using autofill.
create flexible layouts using autofit.
Use media queries to create responsive layouts.
Create grids within grids.
Use display:flex to postion two boxes.
Add flex superpowers to tweet embed.
Use flex direction property to column styles.
Use flex direction property to column styles in tweet embed.
Align elements using justify content property.
use flex wrap property to wrap row or columns.
use flex-shrink property to shrink items.
use flex-grow property to expand items.
use flex basis property to set initial size of items.
use flex shorthand property.
use order property to rearange items.
Use the align-self property.

